# Privacy Policy  

Effective date: June 24, 2019

xrcs ("us", "we", or "our") operates the xrcs mobile application (hereinafter
referred to as the "Service").

No data that is being generated is shared with us.

# Definitions  

  * Service

    Service is the xrcs mobile application operated by xrcs

  * Personal Data

    Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified
    from those data (or from those and other information either in our
    possession or likely to come into our possession).

  * Usage Data

    Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of
    the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the
    duration of a page visit).

  * Cookies

    Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

# Information Collection and Use  

The app collects several different types of information for various purposes to
provide and improve our Service to you.

## Types of Data Collected  

### Personal Data
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
* Information about the workouts you have defined. This information is used to allow you to start tracking a previously defined workout.
* Information about your workout history. When you finish performing a workout, the data regarding this workout (timestamps of repetitions) is stored locally on your phone. This data is only used to display workout session insights to you.

### Automatically Collected Information 
* Your front camera is used when you perform a workout to identify when repetitions are performed.
* No information is shared automatically.

### Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
* This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device. 

### Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
No data leaves your phone.  No third parties have access to your data.

# Use of Data  

xrcs uses the collected data for various purposes:

  * xrcs does not use your data.

# Transfer Of Data  

No data is being transferred to us.

# Legal Requirements  

As an European citizen, under GDPR, you have certain individual rights. You
can learn more about these guides in the [GDPR
Guide](https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection_en).

# Contact Us  

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

  * By visiting this page on our website: sean.eulenberg.de/xrcs
